# Characters
- SEE E:\Devel\ErogeResources\CharacterResources\_Characters_and_Archetypes\_Index.md for the list of characters

## Adam Wright: Salesman at the magazine publisher. Brother to Nathalie.
- Starts a confident, but slightly frustrated, successful professional. He is taking care of his little sister, who he remembers sweetly, but that he finds turned out a little bratty. He has recently had a bad breakup - with Diana - and is trying to recover emotionally.
- He ends up locked in a chastity cage and serving his sister after having been seduced and humiliated by her and her numerous suitors. She was bratty, but turned downright devious and malicious after starting attending a secret cult.
## Adriana Villanueva: Copywriter at the Saveston Magazine Publisher. Lonely. Dreams of a career as a publicity firm's creative director.
- Masturbates to lesbian fantasy.
- Becomes more confident.
- Flirts with colleagues. Something she had never done before.
- She has sex with attractive colleague, Clint Garrick. He rejects her afterwards.
- She plots revenge against Clint. She spies on him and discovers he sometimes gets blowjobs from Lucy Harris, an intern.
- She convinces Lucy to get revenge against Clint. They expose him naked to the company and he is fired for indecent exposure.
- She helps Lucy seduce Leonard Sift and manipulate him into becoming a submissive.


- She quits the Publisher with a big display, which inspires other people.
- She 


- She experiments all kinds of sex, she experiments a lot of opportunities to dominate both men and women, she gets a taste for domination and cruelty. She becomes a mentor to other women on ho to dominate their partners. She takes on a messianic position, as head priestess of the temple of Isis. How does she end up defeated???

- Ends up a Supervisor in alien Y's Core.
- Ends up a priestess in a secret female cult in Hornton.
- Last opponent to be defeated.
## Andrea Dyson: Devious Lesbian Young Woman. Graphics artist at the Magazine Publisher. Housemate to Kate.
- Starts as a devious, but frustrated lesbian. She has some great friends that she would like to fuck, but doesn't dare come up to them, even though she does not hide her lesbianism.
- Ends up one of the studs at alien Y's Core. She greatly enjoys being able to fuck some of the sources with a strapon and getting a lot of oral attention (cunnilingus) from the cows, drones and sometimes even a source or another. She does feel somewhat emotionally empty for the lack of a romantic girlfriend, but she usually is able to suppress that through sex. She does not get her intelligence reduced, but intense and continuous sex desire tends to cloud her mind a little. She feels like she is the second in command in the cult, after Andrea. She enjoys the feeling of having corrupted ??? and having stolen ??? from her boyfriend.
## Andrew Griffin: Owner of the Blackwood factory. Husband to Vanessa and father to Cindy Griffin.
- Starts powerful, but overworked and distant, man, too busy for sex and sometimes feeling like he is letting his life slip through his hands. Has a trophy wife and a bratty daughter, not giving much attention to either.
- Ends up one of the drones in alien Z's Core. He watches studs properly giving his wife and daughter the happiness he couldn't give them.
## Ann Corrigan: Motherly. Serious. Successful physician at the hospital, with ambition to become chief of medicine. Often absent from home. Mother to Evan and Pennie.
- Starts too busy to think of sex. She has a vibrator in her bedroom (an expensive hitachi wand) for when she wants to get off, but she only uses it occasionally. She is hyper focused on her career and, sometimes, feels bad for not spending enough time with her children. She barely notices anything that happens at home. She believes Colin is an adversary in advancing her career and treats most men as adversaries as she is a feminist that felt she was kept down for too long.
- She ends up a sex addict, masturbating and fucking all the time, although she only submits to big black cocks. She only practices medicine at the leisure of her black masters. She is sad her boy Evan can enjoy life properly, but she concedes that it is his proper place to be a submissive, chastised, cock caged servant. She blames her former husband for Evan. She develops a pregnancy fetish, where she hopes to get impregnated with a black baby to help foster the supreme race. She humiliates Evan not out of malice, but because it is the proper thing to do. She humiliates other drones out of a cruel malice, however.
## Bettie, Elizabeth, Moss: Tennis instructor. Lesbian. Girlfriend to Courtney.
- Starts as a closet lesbian with a steady girlfriend - Courtney - that she loves deeply. She is not against using her sexuality to get clients to pay for lessons and to pay extra. She is a manipulator, but not especially devious and certainly not malicious. She deeply loves her girlfriend and is in a state of satisfaction, even though she sometimes feels pressured to admit her sexuality. She is somewhat upset that her girlfriend is a callgirl and wants to get her out of that life, but she loves the lifestyle Courtney's money buys them and can be made to forget her morals with a nice piece of jewelry or a new dress.
- She ends up a lowly cow in alien X's core, with a vague sadness of all that she has lost and feeling a mixture of happiness and sadness whenever she sees Courtney getting fucked. She loses her mind completely when she gets fucked by a stud, however, and loves getting Core members - whatever their gender - suckling at her nipples. She doesn't remember getting seduced and fucked by black cocks when she was still a trainer and doesn't remember going on a couple of jobs with Courtney when she saw the pictures of black cocks she had started obsessing over. She still watches BBC porn when givne the opportunity, although she has become too stupid (lowered intelligence) to operate any kind of electronics by herself.
## Brad, Bradley, Johnson: Second year student at the Finishing School. Boyfriend to Jennie Smith. Son to Victor and brother to Lindsey.
- Starts very respectful and polite. Has sexual urges, but doesn't want to pressure his girlfriend - Jennie - into sex before she feels she is ready for it. Masturbates occasionally.
- Ends up a sex addict, looking to wet his dick multiple times per day, with a changed refraction period, a strong sex drive, an overactie imagination and a lowered sensitiveness in the erogenous zones. He loses all moral limits for sex, fucking his sister, watching his girlfriend being shared around and not caring when his own father fucks his sister or girlfriend.
## Carla Manning: Manipulative Femdom Seductress Woman. Radio personality working at the Radio station. Mother to Trisha.
- Starts proud, arrogant and bitchy. Selfish and self-centered. A narcissist for her own voice and fame. Disappointed with her daughter - Trisha - and not paying enough attention to her. She tries to have a healthy sex life, but she is a workaholic and believes flirting and courting takes too much time. She does have sex on occasion, with younger men. She interviews Adriana and becomes really impressed with her ideas.
- Ends up one of the main proponents of the cult, sending them a lot of her money, frequenting meetings and espousing its ideas on the radio. She bullies the radio leadership in letting her keep doing it. She locks away her daughter's wimp suitor - Peter - as he is inadequate. She ends up losing her daughter, but she tries to tell herself it wasn't too much of a loss as she was really weak. She is as aggressive with wimpy females as she is with males. She enjoys being serviced by wimps as she believes she is of a superior breed. She has a spiteful and uncaring streak, not as much of a cruel one. She is more concerned with her needs than with punishing others.
## Cindy Griffin: Cheerleader, vain, angry (for having a step-mother). Second year student at the Finishing School. Daughter to Andrew and step-daughter to Vanessa.
- Starts proud, a little bratty, entitled, conceited, arrogant. She is lesbian-curious, but never tried anything. She is conflicted between wanting to anger her father and fearing to disappoint him. She is also very proud of her position at school. She is also proud of her breasts and enjoys teasing others.
- She ends up a stupid cow (reduced intelligence) at alien W's Core. She is lured by Josh, feeling helpless to resist being seduced by him, even though she remembers dismissing him as a loser in the past. She enjoys being given to girls, by Josh and retains a crush on him. She feels really embarrassed when she moos in pleasure and feels very humiliated being milked, although she surrenders to it willingly, especially when the pressure on her tits is too strong. She still realizes her humiliating position from time to time, but has become a humiliation slut and gets aroused by humiliation at the same time as she is embarrassed. She finds anal especially filthy and that makes her redden in shame and moo with pleasure every time. She sometimes fantasizes being impregnated by Josh, dreaming that it would make him love her, but when he uses her he only ever uses her asshole, not even paying attention to her enormous tits.
## Claire Connelly: Police. Young. Ambitious. Passionate.
- Starts sexual and slightly frustrated. She is a lesbian and has only had one girlfriend, a couple of hookups and sometimes has sex with a callgirl. She tries to be moral, but she sometimes abuses her power a little, including being excessively handsy in her searches.
- She ends up in control of the police precinct, largely abusing her power, but also a submissive to black cocks in general and Gus' cock in particular. She still gets her rocks off by abusing victims of her police actions, including invasive strip searches, using objects to probe women, dosing them with horny drugs gotten at the Core and taking advantage of them. She also gets her rocks off masturbating as she abuses weak males in the precinct, including shock control. She properly worships and thanks her god for its generosity.
## Clint Garrick: Photographer at the magazine publisher.
- Starts confident, sexual and manipulative. He seduces women at the office and at bars and quickly dumps them after having sex or, at most, if he finds them very submissive, after getting anal sex (which often requires a couple of dates).
- He ends up a chastity caged drone, with great cunnilingus and analingus skills, willing to worship women in any ways and focused in making them happy, even though he laments remembering how good it felt to be happy himself. He is not the worst of the males at the core as he still gets let out of his cage and allowed to fuck from time to time as a reward for some woman who finds him attractive.
## Colin Pratt: Doctor at the teaching hospital.
- Starts sexually frustrated, having gone through a messy divorces, embarrassed to masturbate, but sometimes doing it sadly to porn and rarely paying for an expensive callgirl - Courtney.
- Ends up a devoted worshiper, thankful for his regular climaxes and feeling freed from his concerns and graced for being able to have sex with a powerful, strong and beautiful woman like Jane. He still feels guilty for having sex with his son's girlfriend, but feels happy that he was able to get his sone an appropriate consolation prize (which is how he ends up entrusting his full fortune to the Core).
## Courtney Jameson: Callgirl. Expensive. Entitled. Lesbian. Girlfriend to Bettie.
- Starts as a sexually well-resolved, ambitious, proud, vain young woman. She has a sharp mind and has specific goals she wants to accomplish before her looks fade away. She knows how to manipulate her clients, but she loses a lot of her common sense in the presence of her girlfriend - Bettie - spending too much in restaurants, spa days and, especially, jewelry, bags, shoes and dresses. She is a convict lesbian, even though she does not feel too much revulsion at having sex with men. She is good at acting, but feels really no pleasure in the act with them.
- Ends up a BBC worshiper in alien X's Core. She is made addicted to BBC, finding them genuinely majestic and feeling compelled to have them in her mouth. She has a few black, anatomically correct dildos that she started using with her girlfriend - Bettie - and still keeps with herlself at the Core. She was dismissive at Leon's claims that he could make her addicted and beg for it, initially, but became his personal slut before letting him pimp her, bringing in her girlfriend to do jobs and finally selling her soul to the Core.
## Denise Claremont: Second year student at the Finishing School. Cute. Black. Smart. Polite, but a little teasing and a little cruel to inferiors. Conscious of social positions at school and of her privileges as a wealthy heiress. Daughter to Gus, sister to Nate and niece to Leon.
- Starts with a mixture of romantic and power fantasies. She tries to act well resolved sexually, but is actually very inexperienced and will still blush at a lot of situations. She is confident and driven and decides that she will be Jason's girlfriend, sicne he recently broke up and she feels the appropriate period of mourning has been respected. Her father is protective of her, without realizing what a fierce, determined young woman he has under his roof.
- Ends up frustrated by sex with a boy, disappointed at her father and brother's behavior regarding sexuality, having had secret sex with her uncle after he became irresistible (Lure pheromones) and addicted to her god-beast's bestial cock. She serves side-by-side with the other worshipers, but considers them more like sisters (and not too bright sisters at that) rather than lovers, like some of them do. She does not see herself as part of a harem, but in a competition to become the first-wife/high priestess of her god. She gleefully breaks and trains drones and pets in the Core (taking special pleasure with Kelly) and waits for her god-beast to decide to create an overseer position.
## Diana Bast: Cute. Waitress. Street whore.
- Starts having to work as a waitress and taking to the streets as a whore after a bad breakup. She is smart and practical, resenting her ex-boyfriend - Adam - for the breakup, submitting to a few of her boss' - Joe's - advances to progress in her career (getting the working hours she wants and a big share of the tips). She recently decided not to feel bad about using her whiles to get ahead. She has modest attributes, but is smart, funny and has a lot of charm when she can refrain from being acidic, bitchy and vengeful. She feels attracted to her ex-ex-boyfriend - Tyron - but believes he is bad news for her (as he was part of the reason she broke up with Adam). She plies her trade on the town's exit and in the trailer park to where she recently moved. She is trying to move into an apartment (Bluepoint???) and is planning to fuck the landlord to avoid paying rent.
- Ends up one of Sean's main sluts. She is pimped by the stud, even though she was seduced by Josh. She was quickly handed over to a stud. She feels embarrassed by how good Sean makes it feel when he fucks her in the ass and keeps frustrated for not getting it in her pussy. She feels embarrassed by how good it feels to get Lily's attentions on her pussy, even though she is trying to tell herself that there is no problem in being a lesbian. She would prefer to be only used by Brad, as he is a nice and good looking guy. She masturbates to her god constantly, even though he rarely visits her and, just like Sean, prefers to use her ass to her pussy.
## Ella Jost: Motherly, warm, affectionate. Writer at the magazine publisher. Mother to Miles.
- Starts trying to keep her sexuality under control, at some effort, sometimes fantasizing about either one of her son's teachers - Gus - or one of her son's "friends" (just schoolmates, but she thinks of them as friends) - Evan - when she eventually masturbates. She is kind and loving and very concerned about her boy - Miles.
- Ends up a BBC slut to the school's principal, trying to be caring for her son, but always choosing BBC over his welfare - much like Bastard Made Mom a Sex Slave, from Fugue. She tries to be caring when she is not suffering urges and she respects her master's orders to keep her son caged.
## Ellen Carter: Nurse at the hospital. Strict. A little uptight. Mother to Sarah and Mercy.
???
## Evan Corrigan: Second year student at the Finishing School. Athlete. Nice, vain, attracted to female teacher Mara Norris. Brother to Pennie.
- Starts desirable, going on dates and making out during parties, but not really interested in the girls he gets. Strong attracted to his teacher - Mara - but not daring to make any attempt to approach her. Internally not very confident, feeling like he doesn't deserve the attention he gets. Takes care of his appearance and, sometimes, acts like a bully, mostly dismissing inferiors and humiliating them, rarely threatening.
- Ends up tested and humiliated by his teacher - Mara - and made to recognize that BBCs are always superior. He services Mara and other girls around the Core, preparing them to BBCs as he finds that it is his real place.
## Forest Bronson: Writer at the magazine publisher. Father to Melissa.
- Starts resigned to a sexless life, at times masturbating to porn and dreaming of, but never daring, hiring a callgirl. He watches mostly vanilla porn, sometimes risking a little lesbian porn. Disgusted by BDSM and not understanding BBC porn. Very caring for his daughter.
- Ends up worshiping Adriana after trying to date her and resigned that he is meant to serve. Sad that his daughter is fated to a life like his, but unable to do anything about it. Having trouble resisting opportunities to fuck Melissa.
## Gerard Terrance: Generous Provider Man. Owner of the local electronics store, installs alarm systems and fancies himself a skilled investigator and an aspiring private detective. Husband to Mina, father to Rennie.
- Starts confident and generous, resigned to a life with modest sex with a beautiful and hot in bed, but demanding and haggling wife. He often masturbates at work, although he considers that harmless. Loves and spoils both his wife and daughter, buying their affection with expensive gifts. Demands too much of his employees, although he manipulates them with kindness. Loves to feel liked and loved. Uses his investigative skills to feel smart. Is proud of resisting temptation when installing alarms at women's houses and sometimes fantasizes very porn-like encounters of the sort.
- Ends up the plaything of his daughter, having lost control of his business to his wife. Chastised into a cock cage and manipulated, he can barely contain his lust and is almost grateful for his permanently locked state. Feels sorry for himself and excited as he watches his daughter get sex.
## Gina Perez: Second year student at the Finishing School. Maid at the Plemons family in the afternoon.
- Starts smart, poor, independent and confident. She needs money and is willing to do maid services, although she finds is a little embarrassing that people at the school could find out. She is too busy to have much of a social life, being studious, dedicated and needing a job. She wants to enjoy life, going to concerts and to SPAs and this may lead her to overcome her morals at time. She is sexually well resolved and masturbates from time to time, usually thinking of famous people, like actors and musicians, mostly teenagers and young adults. She finds porn a little too tame for her tastes. She is vindictive.
- Ends up a source at Y's Core. She blackmails Mark for his philandering and devises a cunning plan with Sam and Larissa to manipulate him. Becomes Sam's part-time lover, influenced by the cult, although she always finds herself missing cock. She enjoys humiliating Mark in vengeance and sometimes remembers, fondly, how she tricked Larissa into becoming a beast-god's bitch. She is still headstrong, but can be easily influenced by both Adriana and Carla's star power.
## Gus, Gustav, Claremont: Principal at the newly created Finishing School. English teacher. Black man. Father to Nate and Denise, brother to Leon.
- Starts principled, strict, but fair. Unsatisfied with his sex life, feeling attracted to younger women, but believing they would never be attracted to him, he dates a couple of older women, but finds the experience unsatisfying. Avoids masturbating as he thinks it is a weakness. Has high hopes for his son - Nate - and despairs at his brother - Leon - for his carefree life as a bartender. Also is envious at his brother's stories of sexual conquest.
- Ends up a constantly horny, unprincipled, fucking beast. He fucks his co-worker - Mara -, some of his students, most of the mother of his students and learns to humiliate lesser males and respect seducers. He is not less intelligent, but pre-occupied by constant sexual pressure, he can seem not too bright. He has no compunction fucking his son's ex-girlfriend - ???. He often gives Leon and his god opportunities to seduce women around him.

- Ends up a Stud in alien X's Core.
- Ends up a Stud in alien W's Core after being co-opted.
## Ilyana Paris: Owner of the Glitz Mall's petshop, Alpha and Omega. Aunt to Becky. Girlfriend to Sebastian Decker.
- Starts serious, romantic and a little uptight, agreeing to sex with her boyfriend - Sebastian - but never too satisfied with it as she very rarely has an orgasm. Loving of her niece, she often feels her niece lacks respect. She fears her niece may become a slut. Her boyfriend - Sebastian - does not live with her, but visits.
- Ends up totally submissive to the god-beast, loving the girlfriend he chose for her - Vanessa - but still totally dedicated to him. She is content with her daughter being a different kind of servant to the god-beast. -- Inspired by mcstories.com Tunor.
## Jane Smith: Pharmaceuticals salesperson. Wife to John, adoptive mother to Jennie and Joshua.
- Starts loyal, dutiful, motherly. Sexually frustrated, but resigned, having only vanilla sex, once a month with her husband and a mostly forgotten date night once a month. Having had sex with no other man than her husband her whole life and, sometimes, reading sexy, smutty books with a little deviant sex. She never masturbates, but does feel a tingling when she reads smutt.
- Ends up sexually liberated woman with extensive sexual experience, with different partners, acting submissive and dominant, having sex with women and men, having had anal, having used a strapon, having trained girls to act like pets and men to act like slaves. She is immensely grateful to her god for all the sexual pleasures he allowed her to experiment, for her sexual awakening. She is very dutiful and leads the Core to her god's greatest satisfaction and glory.

- Starts loyal, dutiful, motherly.
- Gets a higher libido.
- Increased sex pressure.
- Becomes frustrated with her husband.
- Flirts with clients.
- Dresses more provocatively (slutty).
- Becomes frustrated with husband - John - climaxing too fast.
- Cheats on husband - John - with client - Colin.
- Catches husband masturbating to porn. They have a fight.
- Catches husband masturbating to bdsm porn. They have another fight.
- Puts a chastity cock cage on husband's cock to have him restrain himself.
- Cheats on husband with their mutual friend - Gus.

- Goes to the Finishing School with questions about Jennie. Ends up having sex with Sean, the janitor.

- Has sex with Evan, a school athlete.

- Ends up a Supervisor in alien W's Core (his "hive").
- Is elected mayor in place of her husband.
## Jason Allen: Second year student at the Finishing School. Intern at the magazine publisher. Son of Jeffrey Allen.
- Starts nice, confident, a little conceited and judgmental. Has high moral standards and expects a lot from himself. He is an okay student and a passable athlete with a cute face. He recently broke up with a girlfriend that moved to another city.
- Ends up a drone in X's Core. He is dutiful and takes his responsibilities around the Core seriously. He takes his former teacher's - Mara's - instructions seriously and has a son-to-mother affection for Vera, even though she mostly despises him. He gets treated a a child by her and feels ashamed, but also compelled to submit. Claire likes to abuse him at times and he treats Miranda as his master's object. He doesn't much care about his father, feeling that he failed him and that he deserves whatever fate he got.
## Jeffrey Allen: Good natured. A little overweight. Sound engineer at the Radio Station. Neighbor to Carla Manning. Father to Jeffrey Allen.
- Starts taking good care of his son and his house. He tries to be a good neighbor and a good employee on Carla's team, for whom he has a secret crush. He sometimes masturbates to porn (vanilla porn) and tries to help his son be positive about sex, although he never dares talk about it openly. He also wants his son to be a gentleman and respect women.
- Ends up a cow in Y's Core. He is strapped to a table and milked, invariably with ruined orgasms that the women compete to take out of him. He has developed absolute love for Carla, but only has a grudging respect for Adriana, as he sees her as having usurped a position that is rightfully Carla's. He is sometimes taking out for demonstrations.
## Jennie, Jennifer, Smith: Nice, peppy, innocent student at the Finishing School. Adoptive daughter to John and Jane, adoptive sister to Joshua. Girlfriend of Brad Johnson.
- Starts innocent and sexless. Nice and friendly. With a boyfriend with whom she has a mostly romantic relationship. She wants to go slow and her boyfriend is really willing to wait for her. She barely understands what masturbating means, but she feels like it is embarrassing.
- Ends up a chronic masturbator, sex obsessed, but really submissive and compliant with her god and master's wishes that she control her climaxes. She is more scarred than worshipful of her god and master. She feels embarrassed when she thinks that one of her main fuckers is Sean, an overweight, old janitor, but still feels very excited when he pulls out his cock. She is the main fluffer of the Core, having learned to please men and women in many different ways. She feels ecstatic when allowed to climax, however, which ends up justifying all the abuse she goes through. She is not a humiliation slut and feels deeply hurt when someone reminds her that she has had sex with an older guy, with all sorts of women, with her father and brother and that she helped corrupt her friends Pennie and Lindsey.

- Starts innocent.
- Starts sexless.
- Milestone: Masturbate for the first time.
- Milestone: Tries to fuck with boyfriend for the first time.
- Milestone: Becomes chronic masturbator.
- Milestone: Has sex with boyfriend.
- Milestone: Voyeur. Spies on boys' locker room at school.
- Milestone: Offers janitor a blowjob.
- Milestone: Masturbates to cheating and non-romantic fantasy for the first time. Masturbates thinking of giving the janitor a blowjob.



- Kisses Pennie, her best friend.

- Sucks timid Miles' cock at school.

- Has sex with Evan, Pennie's brother.


- She has all kinds of sex: masturbation, vaginal penetration, fellatio, rough vaginal penetration, deepthroat, anal, lesbianism - also different kinds of cheating and incest. All of this as she becomes more and more submissive, sexually. And, then, she loses control of her pleasure. She becomes a drone. She accepts that others, like Pennie and Brad can have as much sex and as much pleasure as they want, while her role is to prepare others and to serve. She becomes somewhat depressed, but she is expertly manipulated into accepting her role for the few glimpses of pleasure it gets her.

- Ends up a Gatherer Drone in alien W's Core (his "hive").
## Joe, Joseph, Peterson: Diner owner. Principled. Lusty.
- Starts sexually frustrated and lusty
??? (maybe he could end up a caretaker for the pets at Z's Core. Otherwise, he should end up regularly fucking Diana at W's Core.)
## John Smith: Mayor of Hornton. Creator of the Finishing School program. Husband to Jane, adoptive father to Jennie and Joshua.
- Starts with low libido. Conformist. Frustrated. He tries to be satisfied with his regular (once a month) vanilla sex with his wife. He often masturbates secretly to porn (mostly vanilla and anal porn). He cares deeply for his children, although he is a little disappointed with Joshua and proud and attached to Jennie. He wants to be protective of his children, but he is weak at heart. He is great friends with Gus, whom he tapped to head his Finishing School initiative. He was elected on a platform that characterizes Hornton's youth as victims of the prejudice from the part of the people of the nearby town of Dickins.
- Ends up a drone in alien W's Core (his "hive"). He is fully submissive to his wife and worships her god and master because she tells him to do so. He is deeply in love with his wife at this point and fully invested in making her happy, whatever the cost. He admits he is not deserving of her or of her affection. He is strangely proud of his son as a lure for the Core and a little sad for his daughter's role as a drone. He would like to be able to resist opportunities to fuck Jennie, but if given the opportunity, he would immediately jump on top of her for a little chance of release. Anyone controlling his keys can control him easily and having Rennie or Diana is especially shameful to him.
## Joshua Smith: Last year student at the Finishing School. Melancholic romantic. Obsessed with Miranda Clover. Adoptive son to John and Jane, adoptive brother to Jennie.
- Starts romantically frustrated, feeling deep and unabiding love for Miranda Clover, even though he has never approached her and barely exchanged a few dozen words with her over the years. He never plays the card that he is the mayor's son, finding it actually a little embarrassing. He is aware of his father's disappointment and a little envious of his sister's success, although he loves her sincerely. He is timid and lacks any self confidence.
- Ends up a Lure in alien W's Core. He has found that he can seduce and bed any woman, but can't find love with Miranda. When he gets her into a date, she cheats on him. When he finally seduces her to get her into bed, he has influenced her so much that he can't trust she has any feelings for him. He becomes dispassionate and somewhat cruel, willing to use the victims of his powers and dedicate them to his god and master in a nihilistic attitude. He still gets to have sex with Lily, from time to time, when she mimics Miranda, he feels a lot of pleasure, but feels very guilty and ashamed afterwards. He feels no compunctions at having helped bring innocents like Lindsey and Pennie into the Core and barely feels anything about having fucked his sister to help deepen her shame. He doesn't care that he has fucked beautiful women like Diana or a cheerleader like Cindy.
## Kate Green: Condescending Salesperson Girl. Friend of Ilyana's. Sister to Steve.
- Starts conceited, arrogant and bitchy, sexually liberated and vengeful. She is vicious when she feels slighted and tends to treat people condescendingly. She is not cruel, but can be very spiteful. She feels slighted at having to work what she believes to be a demeaning job for someone of her potential and talent. She has no compunctions about teasing her brother, as she feels like he is a burden coming to live with her after so many years apart. She is trying to create a successful blog, but is starting to consider becoming a camgirl as she has desires for expensive things and only a low pay at her current job. She loves going to the night club, but has no real friends to go with her. She is good friends with Ilyana, the petshop owner and feels like the older woman is something of a mentor to her.
- Ends up a lowly drone in Z's Core. She has had her pride knocked out of her. She is the omega at the Core, serving everyone, mostly with cunnilingus and, eventually, with fellatio either for the god-beast or to reward one of the drones on a rare occasion. She dislikes her condition, but others can too easily punish her and she gets terribly excited when the god-beast approaches her. She dislikes that she is most often fucked in the ass. She is forced to stay on all fours all the time and eats from the floor, without using her hands.
## Kelly Paris: First year student at the Finishing School. Stays home for the first 3 months of school (why???). Niece to Ilyana.
- Starts nice and sheltered, somewhat of a victim (why???). She treats Sparks, her dog, very kindly and the god-beast uses that to his advantage. She is confident but humble, not prideful nor boastful, and the god-beast invades her dreams to quickly make her submissive. She feels a strong attraction to Jason Allen.
- Ends up with a daddy complex, having seduced her aunt and blackmailed her aunt's boyfriend. She develops a lesbian attraction to her friend Stella and a submissive relationship with Denise. She fully submits to the god-beast and even helps him train his mother as a proper puppy. She feels happy to see her mother submit to the god-beast and have a loving relationship with Vanessa. She dislikes having Joe mounting her, but concedes to it to please the god-beast. She dislikes being paraded by Denise, Larissa or Vanessa, or going to shows and she feels a strange envy of Joe for being a much better doggy than her.
-- Inspired by asstr.org rache stories, inspired by asstr.org big bad wolf and little riding hood, inspired by asstr.org pet mommy presentation, inspired by asstr.org chaosgrey beast story.
## Lana Dubois: Director of the Magazine Publisher. Heiress. Father is living abroad and managing the company from afar.
- Starts powerful, confident, abusive and sexually resolved. She wants a partner that has power comparable to hers and that is hard to find. Meanwhile, she keeps a frustrating long distance relationship with an economy student turned entrepreneur from her college days and masturbates to power fantasies with an expensive dildo (hitachi wand).
- Ends up a drone in X's Core. She submits to her BBC god and complies with his every demand regarding her business. She masturbates, but only to keep herself on the edge and worships the Core's BBC members, usually by giving them fellatio and worshiping their cocks, sometimes being fucked and obediently holding back her orgasms so as not to waste orgasmic energy. She hates being on the level of some of the other drones, but she easily forgets that humiliation by focusing on her BBC masters. She loves being shared, being passed around, between masters and dislikes bing offered as a reward to a drone or someone (some white loser) outside of the Core. She is still proud and arrogant, only acting humble and submissive in the presence of her masters.
## Larissa Plemons: Last year student at the Finishing School. Entitled. Daughter to Mark and Michelle.
- Starts entitled, cold, distant and bitchy when approached. She is angry at her father - Mark - and his new wife - Michelle -, especially because she doesn't have her daddy all to herself anymore. She turns this anger into spite and cruelty to everyone else around her who cannot stand up to her. She is sexually well resolved, but her snobbish attitude drives away many suitors and she is very demanding of her partners, wanting someone on her level in terms of looks, smarts and wealth. She often settles to one of the three criteria at a time, and, then, dismisses her lover for lacking in either of the two other qualities.
- Ends up one of the beast-god's mates. She comes to understand Michelle as they both serve the beast-god. She loves and serves both Michelle, calling her mommy, and the beast-god. She is more submissive outside of the Core and not just within.
## Leon Claremont: Barman at the Gold Bar and Tavern. Brother to Gus, uncle to Nate and Denise.
- Starts as a charming playboy working as a barman and with big plans to starts a gambling career as a poker player. He thinks of himself as a fine judge of character, great a noticing tells in people and using that skill to influence and manipulate people around him, from his boos into giving him a job to the women that come up to the bar and the men he sometimes hustles.
- Ends up a lure in alien X's Core. His purpose has become to serve his god and enjoy the brief pleasures of life. He sees himself as one of the leaders of the Core, only overshadowed by his god himself. He likes to lord his dominion over lesser males and to enjoy the women at the Core, even though the act doesn't bring him as much pleasure as when his god sens him on a new mission to get a new conquest. He is somewhat lazy, however, and rarely takes the time to fully corrupt a target, often giving up after getting a victim into bed for the first time.
- Ends up a stud (more specifically a beast) in alien W's Core after being co-opted.
## Lily Coleridge: Innocent School Girl. Nice. First year student at the Finishing School. Daughter to Samuel.
- Starts nice, innocent, a little judgmental and uptight. She loves her father and can't think ill of him. She makes it clear, to him, however, that she will judge him if he learns of anything regarding sex related to him or even of romance. She wants him to be her perfect dad forever.
- Ends up a lure in W's Core and a little cock tease around Honton. She embarrassed, threatened and coerced her father into a chastity cage and, now, she keeps teasing him in chastity and being a slut around town as well as a total nympho at the Core. She is only ever satisfied when her god gives her a good hard fucking, however, ideally in front of her dad. She still thinks of him most of the time and talks to him during sex. She acts as if she is doing everything for his benefit, but she has come to admit to herself that she has a cruel streak and despises daddy Samuel.
## Lindsey Johnson: Nice. A writer at the Magazine Publisher. A friend of Jennie's. Daughter to Victor and sister to Brad.
- Starts a nice, mostly confident but inwardly still insecure regarding her sexuality. She is nice to her brother - Brad - and her brother's girlfriend - Jennie - with whom she believes she has a friendship. She sometimes has lesbian desires, but tones those down. She wishes she had the courage to come on to Joshua, as she believes he is kind and smart, but she doesn't have the courage and, frankly, he doesn't arouse her enough to drive her to ask him out. She loves her father and is always a little concerned with disappointing him. She is smart and wants to be an engineer to make her father proud, but he is mostly concerned with telling her how pretty she looks.
- Ends up a cow in W's Core. She often masturbates as she squeezes her own breasts and moos softly. She realizes how much intelligence she has lost and that makes her depressed, luckily for her, masturbating, even if she has to keep herself on edge, allows her to forget her depression. She is glad her father visits her as a drone, even though it is mostly to tell her she still looks pretty to him. She is ashamed of it, but she feels a secret proud of how her little brother ended up becoming a stud, she also is ashamed to admit how much she enjoys getting fucked by Brad. She resents Jennie for her condition, but not Josha, and acts code around her.
## Lucy McKay: Last year student at the Finishing School. Intern at the magazine publisher. Sister to Lucy, Peter, Sam and Stella.
- Starts as a smart and outwardly confident teenager girl working at the magazine publisher. She has inner demons, however, that can be easily manipulated by a smart person, especially regarding her appearance and her small breasts, and she looks longingly at Clint, even though she knows he is bad news. She finds Adriana weak and mousy and barely acknowledges her existence. She is very loyal to her siblings, although her ambition is stronger. She tries to be protective of Peter and Stella, even though she sometimes feels a little envious of them for not having to work as hard as her and Sam.
- Ends up a lure in Y's Core and one of Adriana's first converts. She loves using her whiles to seduce new weakling males into the cult, even though she despises having to play the schoolgirl role. She is still easily manipulated about her breast size, especially by Andrea and she is ashamed to admit to herself that she wants to ask for bigger breasts, but doesn't dare do it.
## Mara Norris: Hot teacher at the Finishing School.
- Starts smart, confident and well resolved. She hasn't had a boyfriend in two years, but she is not concerned, as she is often approached. She finds most men and particularly all of her students childish. She has great admiration for the Finishing School's principal - Gus - but the kind of man she really sees herself with is older, smart and full of influence, like Andrew. She sometimes masturbates to both vanilla porn and a little lesbian porn, mostly for the most romantic aspect of the sex in the latter.
- Ends up a total BBC slut, willing to dress in slutty clothes to please BBC. She submits to anything, including her students or lesbian sex to please a BBC master. She gets turned on with light humiliation and exhibitionism. She is a preferred target of Nate, especially when he can fuck her in front of Evan and remind her of her earlier rejection and superiority over students.
## Marcus Williams: Powerful Black Man. Director at the Generics factory. Father to Tyron.
- Starts smart, confident and powerful, but not very rich. He is disappointed in his lazy son, but doesn't think too much about him. He is surprised at how much success his son has with women, but tries to focus on his job at the Generics factory.
- Ends up focused on sex and his sexual satisfaction, having a lot of sex, but also at crossing some people's taboos as he has a lot of body transformations. He has reduced intelligence and an overpowering sex drive.
## Mark Plemons: Philandering Provider Man. Engineer at the Blackwood factory. Husband to Michelle and father to Larissa.
- Starts moderately confident and moderately charming, not very moral. Spending a lot of money to make people like him with all kinds of gifts. Has debts. Has small affairs with a woman at work - Sam - and is thinking of hiring a maid and plans to have a cute, young maid who he imagines he can seduce.
- Ends up blackmailed by his maid - Gina - and his office affair - Sam - who gain control of him and his life. Through the cult, the girls are able to instill some compulsions in him and make him dedicatedly give them cunnilingus until command to stop and to be unable to climax until given a command word. They sometimes enjoy each other, but, mostly, Gina lusts for Marcus big, sturdy, obedient cock.
-- Inspired by Stocking Tops.txt
## Melissa Bronson: Nice. Last year student at the Finishing School. Daddy's girl and extremely loyal and loving to him. Part time job at the mall. Daughter to Forest.
- Starts nice and dedicated, a serious student hampered for having to take a part-time job and not able to focus enough on her studies. She loves her father - Forest - and wishes he was happier. She wishes he would date, but he is always very reluctant. She enjoy sher time with her father very much. She is sexually well resolved and dated a guy - Evan - for a time. She masturbates from time to time, usually thinking of having a sexy and exotic lover taking her away on trips to exotic places.
- Ends up corrupted enough to have sex with anything that moves, including her father. She has the distinction of not having been broken to harm and humiliate her father, staying very loyal to him. Y still enjoys getting her to watch her father being humiliated and getting Forest to watch her being thoroughly and embarrassedly fucked.
## Mercy Carter: First year student at the Finishing School. Aspiring dancer. Girlfriend to Steve. Daughter to Ellen, sister to Sarah.
- Starts romantic and naive, with limited experience. She loves her boyfriend - Steve - and greatly enjoys how much he supports her. She wants to be a dancer and frequently trains. She wants to be a cheerleader, but feels she needs to train more to join the squad. She is an undisciplined student and is grateful how much her boyfriend helps her study. ;;;
## Michelle Plemons: Waitress. Wife to Mark and mother to Larissa.
## Miles Jost: Second year student at the Finishing School. Timid Boy. Son to Ella.
## Mina, Wilhelmina, Terrance: Beautician and hairdresser. Had big dreams to be an actress. Mother very young. Wife to Gerard and mother to Rennie.
## Miranda Clover: Last year student at the Finishing School. Cheerleader. Nice, vain, obsessed with motorcycles.
## Nate, Nathaniel, Claremont: Last year student at the Finishing School. Black. Son to Gus, brother to Denise and nephew to Leon.
- Ends up a Stud in alien X's Core.
- Ends up a Lure in alien W's Core after being co-opted.
## Nathalie Wright: Well intentioned, proud, good student, careful with appearance. First year student at the Finishing School. Cheerleader. Sister to Adam.
## Pennie, Penelope, Corrigan: First year student at the Finishing School. Timid, insecure, horny. Sister to Evan.
## Peter McKay: Nice. Second year student at the Finishing School. Boyfriend to Trisha. Brother to Lucy, Sam and Stella.
## Rennie, Renata, Terrance: Good student. Bratty. Arrogant. Entitled. Last year student at the Finishing School. Daughter to Gerard and Mina.
## Rob, Robert, Vahn: Cook at the diner. Hopelessly in love with Diana.
## Sam, Samantha, McKay: Serious, romantic, smart. Trailer park. Assistant at the Blackwood factory. Personal assistant to Mark. Sister to Lucy, Peter and Stella.
## Samuel Coleridge: Nice. Father to Lily.
## Sarah Carter: Happy Party Girl School Girl. Daughter to Ellen, sister to Mercy.
## Scott Latam: Manager of the sales department at the magazine publisher publisher. Husband to Vera.
## Sean Clark: Janitor at the Finishing School. Older, overweight, but with a big cock and a lot of sexual stamina.
## Sebastian Decker: Police. Uptight. Straightlaced. Professional. Serious. Dedicated. Boyfriend to Ilyana Paris.
- Seduced by Kelly Paris.
- Exposed by Kelly to her aunt - Ilyana Paris -, his girlfriend.
- Thrown out of the house and Hornton for having sex with his girlfriend's niece.
- Ends up exiled from Hornton.
## Stella McKay: First year student at the Finishing School. Nice. Nerdy. Cute. Repressed lesbian. Friends with Kelly. Sister to Lucy, Peter and Sam.
## Steve Green: First year student at the Finishing School. Good student. Aspiring writer. Boyfriend to Mercy. Brother to Kate.
## Trisha Manning: Nice. Second year student at the Finishing School. Girlfriend to Peter. Daughter to Carla.
## Tyron Williams: Irresistible Black Boy. Poolboy at mansions and at the Dreams Hotel, then lifeguard, then massagist. Son to Marcus and brother to Denise.
- Starts loving the beach and to swim, not focused on any kind of work and punished by his father cutting off his expenses cards and forced to find a job as a pool boy at the Griffin's house. Lives with ???.
## Vanessa Griffin: Trophy wife to Andrew and step-mother to Cindy.
## Vera Latam: Psychologist. Smart, charming, older.
- Ends up a Lure in alien X's Core.
- Ends up as a major proponent of the "bimbo" lifestyle in a BBC cult in Hornton.
## Victor Johnson: Motherly. Nice. Sole parent. Engineer at the Blackwood factory. Father to Brad and Lindsey.
## William Pratt: Last year student at the Finishing School. Great student. Good looking. Focused on results. Intern at the hospital. Eventually dates Lindsdey. Son of Colin.
